Hard working brothers and sisters volunteer to be part of local design
construction groups worldwide. While working on kingdom halls is the aspect of
their work that most are familiar with, volunteers are also needed for
working on assembly halls, field residences, and with disaster reconstruction.
There is an ongoing need to upgrade most of our assembly sites in Zambia.
At many of our sites, the brothers and sisters they're sitting on the ground,
and they're exposed to the elements during the assembly program. In the 2023
service year, we completed 10 projects related to assembly sites. In Nigeria we
have 23 assembly halls all over the country and you can imagine they are
extensively used. We face two main issues. Heat and also the noise from heavy rain.
So to solve these two issues, we inserted in the design roof panel that are
insulated, and this really address both issues. To see how our brothers and
sisters can now meet and dignified locations, his heart warming. With the new
baptismal pools, they don't have to worry about getting baptized in rivers
that could be crocodile infested. The construction programs are also an
opportunity to train the brothers. We took advantage of the renovation of the
assembly hall to invite older brothers, experts in their trades and in good
health, to pass on their knowledge to the younger ones. And the truth is, there
was a great deal of learning and an interchange of encouragement, which was
an also reflected in the congregations. For as much as we consider our kingdom
halls and our assembly halls as a priority in the program, we realize that a
field residence project is always a special one because we are working not on a
facility that brothers will visit once or twice a week, but that's where
someone will actually live and sleep and eat. One brother who benefits from a new
field residence commented that we used to have to travel long distances to
brothers houses who have electricity because our mudhuts did not have that
electricity. Now that is a thing of the past. Having a suitable home base is
invaluable to these hardworking circuit overseers and their wives. It now
enables them to get the rest that they need and gives them a suitable
environment for the study and the preparation they need to do in order to
benefit the congregations they're serving. In the past three years, Nigeria has
been afflicted by flooding quite a few times. So after receiving humanitarian
assistance through the coordinators' committee, LDC comes into the picture to
make sure that if there is any reconstruction work that needs to be done, it
will be accomplished. When disaster strike, artyocratic facilities and the
homes of our brothers are affected, some of these brothers can't rebuild or
repair their houses by themselves. So the LDC really plays a big role in making
sure that we get the information needed and we get the right people working on
some of these projects. Apart from natural disaster, Nigeria has been affected
by man-made disaster. There has been a lot of community crisis and usually they
have to flee from their region to a safer location and when they return, sadly
at times, they find out that their home has been destroyed or completely burned
down. So that's where LDC, when it is safe, they will grow, evaluate the needs
and assist with the reconstruction. Right now, we have 25 houses to be rebuilt
and 18 to be repaired. If someone wants to get involved with disaster
reconstruction in their branch territory, they have to fill in their forms. It
could be the DC50, which allows them to be LDC volunteers or an A19 form where
they can volunteer to support the credit projects for a couple of months or
weeks or even an A8 where they can come full-time and support the LDC
program. Many might say I can only pray, but actually prayer is the best thing
that they can do. We need Jehovah's blessings on all these projects and we need
Jehovah's blessings on all those that can volunteer that are working on these
geographic facilities. The construction and renovation work being done today
is better preparation for the grand renovation and rehabilitation of this
planet to happen in the future at a time when all will be able to participate.
Looking back at all that's been achieved with this program, I feel good. I feel
happy and good in a spiritual sense. It reminds me a lot of what the Psalmist said in Psalm 127
that unless Jehovah builds the house, it is in vain that its builders work hard on it.
So all the glory and honor obviously go to our God.